Isn't this Cai Mengmeng?
Isn't it already a gold medal armrest?
Why are you still here?
What gold medal handrail?
He's actually an undercover agent.
The identity of the reporter was discovered by the boss
I can only come back and continue to be a piglet
If I were him, I would have taken this opportunity to escape
Look at him like this, it won't take a few days
It won't take long for the skin to be peeled and sold on the black market
There's nothing left.
Are you all right?
Are you here to see my jokes too?
You helped me.
As if I pay you back
Do you think I'm funny?
Betray you for money
But I was also forced
For a bonus of tens of thousands of dollars
I'm desperately lurking here as an undercover agent
Don't talk, I'll take you to therapy
Let's go
This bitter meat technique is really good
They really are a cow
Congratulations on the successful completion of the task of the gold medal armrest
What do you mean?
Your current task
Just take good care of Young Master Lin
Other than that, nothing else.
You can't do this to me.
What about Brother Fei? I want to see Brother Fei.
You still want to see Fei Ge
You tell me.
You can use your bed skills now
Let Master Lin stay a few more days
Master Lin, how did your death kiss arrive?
Hold him down